<h1 align="center">About Me</h1>
<h3 align="center">SWE Intern @ Jacobs | CS + Stats @ BU | <a href="mailto:sai.nayunipati@gmail.com">sai.nayunipati@gmail.com</a> | <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/sai-nayunipati-157609224/">LinkedIn</a></h3>

I'm an entry-level software developer specializing in .NET, MERN, and Python. My past projects include desktop apps, mobile apps, and full-stack websites. I'm currently working as a software engineering intern at the Jacobs Software Engineering Center (JSEC) throughout the summer and school year, and I also have worked as a web development intern at Nimble Property.

I am graduating in the spring of 2025 with a dual major in computer science and statistics. My elective courses include artificial intelligence, data science, and functional programming. I'm also an officer in Boston University's C.S. honor society (Upsilon Pi Epsilon). To gain membership, I created a JavaScript automation to streamline the organization's Google Form attendance tracking. My duties involve marketing outreach, coordinating professional events, and managing our website. I'm providing requirements and contributing development work to a team developing the chapter's new React website.

I've won two hackathons. In BostonHacks 2022 (~300-500 people), my team and I created "Adi". Adi is a React Native / Django app that uses GPT-3 and DALLE-2 to generate marketing posters for startups. Our submission was given the "best overall hack" prize. At the 2022 "BU Spark!" sustainability mini-hackathon, we also created the "best coded" project. Our React / Flask website was a companion to Amazon and used geographic and climatic data to estimate an online order's carbon footprint.

I enjoy learning about tech innovation. I was a first-year innovation fellow at the BUild Lab, which is Boston University's entrepreneurship center. I spend most of my free time on pet projects. For example, I'm prototyping a mobile app that lets users track specified economic and sociological indicators. My goal is to use my statistics experience to simplify data literacy for others. I have more experimental ideas as well. I've recently purchased an Oculus Quest 2, and I look forward to using my game engine experience to develop VR experiences. I'm always open to new opportunities for growth and collaboration.

I've just finished reading "The Cuckoo's Egg". The next five books on my list are "Working Effectively With Legacy Code", "Experience on Demand", "Reality+", "AI Superpowers", and "Superintelligence: Paths, Dangers, Strategies". Feel free to send me a message with your recommendations.
